== Welcome to Rails Application with Sunspot

Minimum Requirements:

1. Ruby 1.9.3
2. Rails 3.2.13
3. MySQL
4. Mysql2 gem

== Setting up the application on local

1. After checking out the application go to that folder
       $ cd {PATH_TO_APP}

2. Run bundle command
       $ bundle update

3. Change database.yml accordingly and run below commands
       $ rake db:create
       $ rake db:migrate

4. Start Solr in a different terminal tab/new command prompt
       $ rake sunspot:solr:start
       // Successfully started Solr.

5. Re-index using the below command
       $ rake sunspot:reindex

6. Start your application server and create some users and then try to search.

== Debugging Rails

Sometimes your application goes wrong. Fortunately there are a lot of tools that
will help you debug it and get it back on the rails.

First area to check is the application log files. Have "tail -f" commands
running on the server.log and development.log. Rails will automatically display
debugging and runtime information to these files. Debugging info will also be
shown in the browser on requests from 127.0.0.1.

You can also log your own messages directly into the log file from your code
using the Ruby logger class from inside your controllers. Example:

  class WeblogController < ActionController::Base
    def destroy
      @weblog = Weblog.find(params[:id])
      @weblog.destroy
      logger.info("#{Time.now} Destroyed Weblog ID ##{@weblog.id}!")
    end
  end

The result will be a message in your log file along the lines of:

  Mon Oct 08 14:22:29 +1000 2007 Destroyed Weblog ID #1!

More information on how to use the logger is at http://www.ruby-doc.org/core/

Also, Ruby documentation can be found at http://www.ruby-lang.org/. There are
several books available online as well:

* Programming Ruby: http://www.ruby-doc.org/docs/ProgrammingRuby/ (Pickaxe)
* Learn to Program: http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/ (a beginners guide)

These two books will bring you up to speed on the Ruby language and also on
programming in general.

